it is associated with oil painting , which dates back to the late Middle Ages in the West and the 18th century in Ukraine. In the late 19th century, with the rise of the
the history of the region dates back to 1935, when Killarney's Roy Pritchard represented Manitoba. Three years later, Glenboro's Albert Gowanlock
The house dates back to the 5th century and further spectacular additions, such as the mural in the Round Room by Robert Lenkiewicz and
The history of the temple dates back to the 17th century. The striking features of the temple are its 1200 huge granite columns, 54 m tall gate-tower and
because of its colonial architecture , which dates from the 18th, 19th and early 20th centuries. The oldest part of the city is one of its greatest attractions. Besides
Botanical study of this nature dates back to antiquity and is an essential component of contemporary medical practices. 02 November, 2018 08 October, 2018
development of the Isle of Man constitution dates to at least the 14th century amendments: proposed as a bill in the House of Keys, by the "Government," by a "Member of the
The history of this beautiful city dates back to the formation of the seven islands, namely Colaba, Mazagaon, Mahim, Parel, Isle of Bombay, Worli and Old
The song dates back to a seven year siege of Harlech Castle in the 15th century, but the Castle itself has a much longer history. Whilst
The presence of human settlements in the area dates to Roman and Etruscan times, although the villages of the modern municipality are known from the 11th century, when San
Navy ranks and terminology have a long history which dates back to eras when ships sailed on the oceans of Earth rather than in space. These ranks are used by the UNSC Navy and ONI.[2
In the first place , no Biblical source dates the destruction of the temple on the ninth of Av. Jeremiah says (52:12) that the Babylonians did not even enter the city
The history of the city of Eindhoven dates back to the 13th century, when it was originally known as Endehoven, literally meaning 'End Yards'. The... About the
The design of the first sewing machine actually dates back to the late 18th century, when an English cabinetmaker by the name of Thomas Saint drew up plans for a machine that
it marks the end of an era which dates back to the very establishment of the club in 1947. Mrs O'Brien made a significant contribution to London Legacy over
A carving of one in a cave in France dates back around 25,000 years. From The Guardian 21st February 2014: Vast tracts of Australia's coastline have been
the present building dates back to the 18th century and is the third one occupying the same site. Other historical places of interest in the
it is an example of a fruit jar that dates from the 1920s (Creswick 1987). See canning jar which is the preferred term on this website since it is more embracing,
The house that makes up the cellar door dates back to when the Clare Valley was first settled, and has been the home of a number of local identities over the years.11