A tourist might even be able to see Saturn and other galaxies out there with all the telescopes in the public observatory. There are so many
So the logical conclusion is , were we to have carried on going up even further, the air would have continued to get even thinner; we would eventually have reached a point where there would be so few air molecules bashing into the microphone
Makes me miss hanging out with you guys on the track even more . And I just can't find the damn "Poppier" button on my photo editor... lol I haven't been to VIR in at least 30 years
This move would cause Hong Kong to become even less influential in Chinese affairs which wold benefit the PRC's aims. The Chinese leadership can now sit back, watch
it gave me this feeling even though after it was over it took 10 minutes to wash off... - watching cooking shows..where the person is cutting
but there can be no real comparison between the two because even though Persepolis was built 100 years earlier than Parthenon, it was much more sophisticated in construction than
And I think they could even read the calendar on the back wall and that it had a second calendar hung over the first one. Respectfully submitted, Hap
I barely even touched upon the variety of decanters here, that's how many there were. A random selection of novelty Avon bottles. And
it is very likely that we will sometimes fall asleep and perhaps even snore! In spite of our conditioning to the contrary, sleeping is not a sin, and snoring is actually just one more sound of
some of the best known companies in this sector now come here to identify and even recruit young talent shows just how much of a success the event has become." One of the high points of the two-day event is
durable materials which are strong enough to walk on or even drive over, so there's no risk of damage from everyday use. Recessed lighting can be powered either using mains power
I think you can even find some fresh-squeezed orange juice! There has ALWAYS been water on the Temple Mount. During the days of the Temple
he would in no way seek to do anything to harm even a hair on the head of a fellow believer or child of the Lord. While you speak very patriotically and claim allegiance to
I cannot believe this. I never even thought they'd find him. I thought... figured he'd be better at hiding. All those secret bases of his..." Up to date,
It was then that I realized even the 4/4 felt much more comfortable to me once I figured out I wasn't holding it in as good a position as I should have. (That
they feel like a couple meant to be together even as their relationship is kept subtle rather than explicit. Anderson, in particular, commands the screen every time
Unusual releases became more valuable even if it were the same film. The content no longer the primary reason for picking up these films as DVD had invaded. 
to amass more and more wealth and pay less and less taxes without even working. So we definitely don't need anymore of that kind of handout, and it's a common misconception in terms of who
Do not just go with it again . How do we even know that the .45cent tax increase will really even go for the roads. I thought the wholesale gas tax and the increase