it would be a delusion if the investigator mistakes the voice on the other end of the line 
The aid system perpetuates this view resulting in a highly dysfunctional aid system that mistakes short-term results for long-term transformation. Everyday citizens therefore as well as development
In chapter 8 he famously mistakes windmills for terrible giants and attacks them. In chapter XLI, he is tricked
He sees the flame and mistakes it for Giorgetta's secret signal that it's safe for him to come aboard. This time, when he steps
The child or the savage orator never mistakes in inflection, or emphasis, or modulation. The best speakers and reader
you may find it frustrating that he sometimes mistakes leaving one finger on the bottom left click area for a desire to activate a multitouch gesture, such as zoo
no one today who mistakes the original intent of the Declaration of Independence would ever refer to any "equal" people as savages and
The inconvenient of the second method is that if he mistakes the string name it'll crash at the execution. The advantage is that he don't have to keep the resource mana
It will not compile if he mistakes the variable name but he must keep the variable name to retrieve the resource. Hi
If anything , Snape is the one who mistakes a false intimacy for something more, but it takes a long time and changed circumstances before it really
Further , link analysis often mistakes static blogroll links for (arguably more important) discursive links within blog posts. Against this, Ba
until it no longer mistakes the shape of a cat. However, the slight
And cosmopolitan politics will fall on deaf ears , failing to win converts because it mistakes its own role in the debate and underestimates the scale of its own ambitions. America faces a raft of growing
all too often , the study mistakes characters of his works for their author. Similarly, the sweep
he was so anxious that he mistakes a short-statured, baby-faced thief on the run, played by Marlon Wayans, for an abandoned toddler. He and his wife,
The owner then mistakes their puppy's fear for aggression. The o
her earnest desire to participate is misunderstood by her teacher , who mistakes her sincerity for sarcasm and excludes her from the classroom. But what are Kat's values? In
after killing a young boy whom he mistakes for being armed. Don is reassigned to the small town of Lake Havasu, where
getting married and having a family with a person who mistakes control for love?' 'No one cares about memorising roads, dad, and I'm not talking about that...Mum was tired of you and