This thesis questions this key assumption and explores how linguistic predictions develop in real- time. I provide event-related
It is a film that questions black representation in Hollywood and beyond. And, ultimately, by confronting the deeper co
and that any discussion that questions that relationship is one discussion that he does not wish to have. Just concentrate on
There is no easy way to enter into a discussion with someone who questions the validity of your faith and suggests that the New Testament superseded the Hebrew Bible as a so
Nobody even questions the ridiculousness of a student sitting for 20 subjects! A matriculating American high school student sits for only
the woman who questions HIV science. The woman who finds more doubt than
He has pulled out of the warm weather training camp due to illness , which only further questions his role at the club. "Daniel Sturridge will return home from Liverpool's midseason
What does that mean for us , since anyone who questions the validity of the teachings of the Society are viewed as apostate? We
By mixing visual and musical elements , she questions - often in a tongue-in-cheek manner - accepted habits of watching and listening. Her love of mixing media is
This essay questions FC's commitment to anti-authoritarian radicalism and thus is intended to give pause for thought to t
The report also questions Smith Barney's dual role as consultant and broker for the fund, a subject that has stirred debate in the pension wor
therefore he never questions their belonging to Jewry. Plus, as he goes on to note on pg
it profiles city leaders from around the world and questions them about their achievements, policies and aims. More City Mayors deals with economic and investment issues
The court certainly questions how that [the adoptions] could have been done, but it was done. And I'm not going to go behind tha
we always get that look that questions why we would bother asking. In fact, we have recently had comment
the young prince is occupied by the war and reluctantly questions his father's morality. Art and prompt by dah mumu. Category: Fiction Character
But we are also more interested in a position that questions power relations and domination in society, which is generally impossible from an institutiona
The song played in the background questions the forced identities that are thrust on women – "Ne vaanavilla?" (Are you a rainbow?), "Vannam thedum v
Whenever someone questions your claims or counters your statements you aren't able to back up what you say in any meaningful way. To me you'
it is a movement that questions the current direction Australia is heading i.e. the direction the Left/Right and t
This from the people who accuse anyone who questions US policies of being traitors, treasonous, hating America etc. Some on the left may try to do exactly what you've (