and we are no longer coming home in tears after being repeatedly suspended. Suppose, for example, smokers were given about pre
It can bring tears to your eyes," Cullen said. "I'm not exaggerating." Cullen said parents and children bond over - Read More Fellow
And with an extensive arsenal known to include not just insults and tears , but threats of suicide or violence, they're not gonna let you forget it. As it is now, many gay folks in Taiwan cave in and
He remembers her tears , when they had closed the big vault door at the end of the room for the very last time. Outside the dark room
I still am thrilled to tears at times when the National Anthem is sung, or other songs, like, "You're a grand old flag. You're a high-flying flag, and
He turns to look at me and I see the tears in his eyes. For the first time, it occurs to me that this might not be about me. He wouldn't cry over me. "What happened? I
a group of human beings were moved to tears by hand-drawn static images flickering in the light. In just nine years, Disney and his team had transformed a quaint
As I yawned and played a game that was so simple yet bored me to tears . I sat there and played until I would lose and couldn't wait to get some food or hang out by the pool. We went back there
Where the comfort of God cannot dry your tears , Where the Word of God cannot feed you, Where the miracles of God cannot be done for you, Where the omnipresence of God can
These very same clients saw that I was close to tears when I had to tell them that we had less food to offer. When I walked out of the room, several clients followed me. They
Yes , our family has a patent over shedding tears . I get emotional when I see people going through difficulties in life. Tears are a natural expression of the pain I feel
you will find support, help, information, laughter, tears , success stories, discussion of medications and/or therapies, anything and everything to do something you never
He told us that one woman from Europe burst into tears and cried for an hour and a half after seeing the cute, little sushi. On Tuesday, my friend Rex Sorgatz came out with the
We were left helpless , without words but only tears as we knelt down," Jennifer Ngawi, 14, said. Ngawi, Rosa Ngasamu, 13, and the five girls who died were students of Sabaya
She breaks down in tears and says to Sister James: "I have doubts...I have such doubts." Production began on December first, 2007. The film,
to avoid blood and tears later. You can start out with a good accountant who knows creative businesses, although at some stage you'll need a
I looked around and saw him in tears holding up a messed up Rubik's cube. Filosofo's face had gone completely white. My eldest son had taken his brother's
Yet through the aches and endless tears , my faith began to grow. I could not see it at the time, but my light began to glow. I saw God's love in brand new light, His
we cried again . These were manly tears , no talking. Nothing to talk about. Both of us knowing the uncertainty that lay ahead. The train departed in the morning
I had given my blood , sweat and tears for. As my defenses fell apart, I began seeking Christian writings and sermons. I fell in love with the work of Charles
we automatically saluted as our chests puffed out and more than a few eyes had tears . About once a week the guards would strip our clothes, run us outside and go through our clothing. During one of these