The British moved thousands of Indians as slaves to work in its other colonies in Africa and The Carribean.
These women represent the hundreds of thousands of women and girls euphemistically known as the "comfort women," who were sexually enslaved during WWII in Asia by the
Depression is another health condition that thousands deal with on a daily basis.
More advanced systems require thousands of dollars of customization and many still don't provide adequate optimization. There is an obvious need for a
This collection is a searchable database containing thousands of full-text or digitized state publications. Users can also find resources by browsing the subject terms. Daniel
The authors would like to recognize the tremendous contributions of the thousands of Kaiser Permanente Northern California clinicians and staff who have enabled the work described here. We would like
it is an annual celebration that draws thousands to Washington every Memorial Day weekend
For their research they had to travel thousands of miles and interview hundreds of people. Their efforts resulted in this book containing information never
For example , a semiconductor company can lose hundreds of thousands of dollars an hour while waiting for a crucial part to fix a broken assembly line
Whether it would be for their benefit is irrelevant because there are thousands of religions that believe that theirs is the best
Through mind you may rule thousands of people but you will not be a master like Buddha or Jesus -- inside you will remain a slave. This has to be chosen: if you
If you are a business user and if you receive calls more than couple of thousands of minutes a month all incoming calls is 1.9 cents a minute
With a minimal budget you can reach thousands of people
The truth is that there are thousands of people who consider themselves Socialists, Communists or Marxists all over Iran. These include both the
Without hundreds of thousands of our ugly Americans being turned around
There are thousands that lost everything just because some greedy and reckless business people 
The Canada Goose company traps coyotes for their fur and slaughters thousands of geese for their feathers
It is kind of like the people that invest thousands to make solar into electricity?
What is most sad is those supporters of George Bush by the thousands in the hierarchy of my Republican party missed a golden opportunity to use their influence to sway the president from
The decision is now in the hands of the many thousands of you we have spent so many years organizing on this issue. ALIPAC should continue or shut down forever? A. Yes, I want
During the 2008 recession , the Obama government refused to help many thousands of Black, Latin, and immigrant workers who lost their homes but bailed out the big banks with our tax money.
The fact that even after driving thousands of miles these tyres don't lose their properties makes them a safe and profitable investment. In 2009, Fulda launched