it seemed as if he were looking deep into it , lost in thought . "Brilliant opening move, a tad dramatic and overstated but I like the flamboyance." A voice
Of course there was also the unspoken thought that perhaps by establishing bases, a mini-empire, that hope of returning home was lost. "Your orders, Lord Nem
He did not relish the thought that some of his ground forces would be destroyed before they could even land on the sur
They certainly deserved each other , but the thought of having them on his fleet for the rest of his life was daunting. "Sir, we're in range of
representing the diversity of thought in this field, are specialists in preeclampsia and can help
each sentence conveys a complete thought . The dumas were not sung, but were performed in recitative to the accompaniment of a b
such as the relation of perception to thought and the possibility of knowing an independent reality ;problems that have occupied philosophers since Kan
My insides flutter at the thought of her hiding a note for me to find. The pe
during behaviors that requires conscious thought , analysis, and planning, as in active problem solving. Rather than lapses in concentration (as wit
The main sources for his religious and political thought are found in: Other writings on political and economic issues are included in Huang-Ming ching-shih we
There must be a balance of thought and action. Also the thoughts and actions must not simply be orders or cultural 'supposed to's.' Such as af
I would not have given a second thought to in Brooklyn, it was annoying as hell to do it in LA, and I found myself wishing that I had 
I can only sigh with envy at the thought of requiring a pen name to handle copious piles of cross-genre output. Struggling with one story at a 
the freedom of thought to research and are (reluctantly) "allowed" to actually make an informed choice? If you are pro vaccine and sc
she was struck with a thought . "Lena are you STILL drunk?" Lena gave a little giggle. Last night they had gone out to eat w
but you have to question why that thought is in the doctor's head." Despite opposition, no 
those that would laugh at the thought of putting their money into one. There's a good case to both sides of the argument, which
he said it was a happy thought that had struck him that they should do something to show appreciation of Lieu
There are a few members who follow this line of thought . I do not know many details, as they are using documents in German, which I can 
you are supposed to look as if you have never had a thought , or lived at all. grey hair, wrinkles and signs of being a mother 
negative silly comments are so easy to give , they require no thought or intelligence, just a spiteful and jealous heart Haha, Adam said it's all good. He knows that bitterness and anger