Whether it is to celebrate a special occasion , or just wind down at the end of a long day, there's nothing much better than pouring yourself a glass (or two...) of wine or bubbles.
be the last, best chance for meaningful peace with an otherwise reckless and unpredictable foe – and who knows who will wind up in the White House after Obama? Wouldn't it be better if Cardin used his newfound stature on the Foreign Relations
to dissolve or to wind up its operations. (b) issue an order under that subsection to a health service provider described in paragraph 4 or 6 of
he begins to wind his body around Alfons' midsection. At first he almost appreciates the gesture- he is feeling a little down right now-
anyone claiming this sooner or later will wind up completely on one side or the other. Ain't no way to stay "middle of the road." Your reasoning is faulty. Although God
the updates started to wind down over the year, I decided that it only meant one thing: it's time for a change. I really liked my site's old layout, but
then either you also cover one of the blank squares or you wind up with two Cheerios in the same row. So now it is clear we need as many as six permutations to cover a 4×4 ormat. Does that
but there is also a decent chance they wind up in the Eastern Conference Finals. That said, don't shy away from picking the Heat in 2K15 because of LeBron's
would you hold this yarn for me so I can wind it
each processor works on part of a much bigger problem and they all wind up working in ways that are mutually reinforcing. Similarly, we think we need to get lots of people working on the
and I would hate to wind up in another gathering similar to the Assembly. Any input? So, of course we would all agree that the bible teaching
it was interesting that later I did wind up going into the military because we did not have any type of military affiliation at our school what so ever. And my
even experienced presenters wind up losing the thread of their arrangement, and it may be quite bothersome to others hearing someone else's "clear"
The trail will then leave the dike and wind down to the boat launch area under the Commodore Hull (Rt. 8) Bridge. A public parking area and upgraded boat launch will
he was more than ready to wind down his tenure as the Institute president and return to his administrator job. By now, though, the search was well
but we will see what we wind up with. Will Lyne try to achieve through music, the effect of a 1940s America? Although Adrian Lyne's fealty to the
I read them on my mobile to help me wind down at the end of a busy day. So, the first genre convention I signed up for was a romance convention (without telling my
plans for a European bank resolution mechanism to wind up problematic banks. Neither treaty change has to happen in the short term, German officials say, nor are they belated